# Included Modules

We'll be using an older documentation, specifically Ruby 2.3.0, to demonstrate Included Modules.

<br>

```ruby
a = [5, 9, 3, 11]
puts a.min
```

The output of this code will be `3`, the minimum value in the `Array`.

If we wanted the two smallest values in the `Array` instead, we'd need to check the documentation.

<br>

There is no `Array#min` in the 2.3.0 Ruby Documentation.

The following is from Launch School directly:

> Some languages have a feature called **multiple inheritance** (aka, **MI**). With MI, as it's often abbreviated, a class can inherit from two or more immediate superclasses. Inheriting from multiple superclasses, though, has pitfalls. To avoid these pitfalls, Ruby doesn't allow MI.
> 
> Ruby uses something like MI, but without the worst of the pitfalls. It's called **mix-in modules**, or, more simply, **mix-ins**. Mix-ins provide a way for classes of different types to share behaviors without using inheritance.
> 
> A class can use a mix-in module by using the `include` method. Once included, all the mix-in's methods become available to objects of the class.

Scrolling beneath the methods of the `Array` class we can see a heading titled **Included Modules**.

In the **Include Modules** section is the `Enumerable` module, one of the most commonly used mix-ins in Ruby.

<br>

`Enumerable`

> Provides much of the functionality needed to iterate through collections such as `Array`, `Hash`, and `Range`.

- In the `Enumerable` documentation we will find the `#min` method.
  
  - `Enumerable#min` shows an optional argument `n`.
  
  - `n` represents the number of elements to be returned from the `#min` method.
  
  - Thus, per our example, to get the two smallest values we need to include `n` as `2`.
  
  - ```ruby
    a = [5, 9, 3, 11]
    puts a.min(2)
    ```
  
  - This code will output:
  
  - ```powershell
    3
    5
    ```

<br>

#### Final Note:

(From the Launch School solution):

> How do you know whether to look at the Included Modules or the Parent class for methods you can't find in the main documentation for a class? The truth is, there is no easy way to tell; you need to search both until you find the documentation you need. Finding the right documentation isn't [always] easy.
