# Keyword Arguments

Learning the `Numeric#step` method as a demonstration of using Keyword Arguments.

Keyword Arguments can also be called Named Arguments.

Keyword Argument names are symbols.

`Numeric#step` uses two Keyword Arguments, `:by` and `:to`.

`:by` is a "step" value.

`:to` is a limit.

<br>

### `Numeric#step`

> Generates a sequence of numbers; with a block given, traverses the sequence.

- Called on a numeric value, as in `5.step`, and begins at this value.

- Continues at intervals given by the `:by` keyword argument, defaulting to `1`.

- Ends with the last number that is within or equal to the value provided by the `:to` keyword argument.
  
  - Note: If `:to` is not given, the sequence will be of infinite length unless there is a `break` in the block.

- If a block is given, `#step` calls the block with each number in the sequence.
  
  - The block can contain a `break` statement.
  
  - ```ruby
    4.step(by:2) { |i| squares.push(i*i); break if i > 10 }  # no ':to' argument.
    ```

- Returns `self`. So, in `5.step` the return value would be `5`.
  
  - Note: If `:to` is not given and a `break` statement is used, the return value will be `nil`.

<br>

Example:

```ruby
5.step(to: 10, by: 3) { |value| puts value }
```

- ```shellsession
  The code above will print:
  5
  8
  ```
  
  - The initial value that `#step` is invoked on will be the first output value, `5`.
  
  - The interval given by the `:by` keyword argument is `3`, so we increase the initial value by 3 to get `8`.
  
  - `8` is the next output value.
  
  - Per the interval, we increase `8` by 3 to get `11`.
  
  - Since our end value provided by the `:to` keyword is `10`, and 11 > 10, the method ends.
